this is where the lore goes
.


Heng
Player is a burger
The player is trapped and trying to escape the dimensions. And monsters are trying to attack him
 and trying to get rid of him since the monsters want to eat the player. 
 Level should be 8
 monsters spawn on level 2 
End screen it says the player will go back home 
 Level difficulty can be medium or hard
 Hard is more monsters and tiny blocks and the monsters will have more health so more jumps needed
 Also hard mode you have 2 bars of health instead of 3 
 and medium is regular monsters and blocks are normal size
Powerup could be low gravity or speed or health
Powerups spawn in when you are in low health or needed for levels 
For the health powerup if u are low and kill a monsters a food item will 
spawn in the place where you killed the monsters
Health powerups will not spawn always 35 percent chance 
Give all maxed health
BOSS IS A a giga burger

Hsing
the player is trying to escape the place. Trying to get to the exit
Portals
last level is the one i made
-last level is hardest
gravity change on specific levels
start with 5 levels
crypt world
- skulls attack you
ocean abyss world
- player drowns if it dosn't go to a place that restores oxygen
- a bit slower
TV static world
- disapear blocks in this level
- some blocks instantly kill the player
Reginald

level ideas:
fire world 
outer space 
tutorial
level editor
upside down/sideways world

POTENTIAL STORY IDEAS:
motivation for-
Player,

Maybe competitive, time trials, local/online multiplayer.
Mario style boss, jump on top of it to damage he causes damage ( minus 1 life) on contact.
We want to go to the portal to get back to our home dimension
We accidentally fell into a portal
Exploring the backrooms and took a wrong turn.
Collect all the machine (rocket) parts to win the game.
The portal only lets one person through, and so we are racing other people (aliens) that are also trying to get home.
trying to get home fast, not so puzzling.
quest for balance ??
obstacle,

Basic white blocks. No reason for them to exist, no explantation.
Meteors, space debris
void blocks, fragile or pressure sensitive blocks,
Other world terrain, dinosaur level, dinosaurs. Under the sea, shark, seashells, wrecked pirate ship.
enemies

The boss is stopping us from reaching the portal, because we owe him money
The enemies are upet because the player disturbed their environment, ecosystem
The enemies are mad or arent even bad guys, they just happen to be poisonous.
npc

Some npcs give you buffs in the game. (buffs like: temporary flying, extra jump, speed buffs, shield buff, invisibility buff(hides from enemies), retry)
You pay them in skulls of the enemies. (enemies drop skulls when killed)
These Merchants dislike the enemies and so will grant a random buff upon receiving x amount of skulls.
Logical reasons for some buffs, parachute, better shoes
the skulls have in them the power the enemy had, and these power types grant certain powered buffs, (invisibilty, extra jump) potion/magic based
WHAT DO OTHER FUN GAMES DO?
motivation for players.
Astroneer, explore lots of planets and build cool stuff, figure out the secret of the satellite.
Slither.io, pick up orbs to grow, become the biggest snake. online multiplayer. Agar.io
MInecraft, open ended, go to the end and slay the dragon. Do whatever you want.
FNAF, survive for 5 nights, manage power.
Freerider. make it to the end of the track (fast as possible)
ROBLOX, open world design, closed objective.
Star wars battlefront, capture the flag, online competitive.
Superliminal, to get well using your dreams. get back to reality.

Commonalites:

ALL have an objective
player and interactables.
DIFFERENCES:

open world vs closed objective
multiple lives, explained, or not

Potentially coop mode, in which partners work together.
motivation-
Is late for dinner/school.
Is being chased by ??? monster/police
Speed run practice.

Running from spiders

on a quest

Our player tripped and dropped all the pieces to the portal gun and needs to jump from platform to platform to collect the pieces

racing other players

key to the exit

ccombination lock to leave platfoems likke paint it tony hawk
player has to push a box or ball to the end
change the players size to win
breaking obspacles w a flamethrower












